content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Joseph Bulbulia

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Professor of Psychology

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
- name: Victoria University of Wellington
  url: https://www.wgtn.ac.nz/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include evolution, religion, cooperation, wellbeing, longitudinal methods

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
- Bayesian Inference
- Cultural Evolution
- Religion and Cooperation

# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD 
    institution: Princeton University
    year: 2001
  - course: MTS
    institution: Harvard University
    year: 1993
  - course: AB 
    institution: College of the Holy Cross
    year: 1990
    
# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '/#contact'
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/go_bayes
- icon: graduation-cap  # OR `google-scholar`
  icon_pack: fas  # OR `ai`
  link: https://scholar.google.co.nz/citations?user=82b99k8AAAAJ&hl=en
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/jacopastorius
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseph-bulbulia-1ba5a514/?originalSubdomain=nz
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: files/bulbuliaCV.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: "joseph.bulbulia@gmail.com"

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: false

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

I am a professor of Psychology at Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand. I am interested in the evolutionary and longitudinal study of religion, cooperation,and psychological health. I am one of four senior managers for the New Zealand Attitudes and Values Study.

Commit message:

added orcid id running emo

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Joseph Bulbulia

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Professor of Psychology

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
- name: Victoria University of Wellington
  url: https://www.wgtn.ac.nz/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include evolution, religion, cooperation, wellbeing, longitudinal methods

# Interests to show in About widget
Questions:
- Why do people help and harm?  
- How do religions affect societies? 
- What makes life rewarding?
# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD 
    institution: Princeton University
    year: 2001
  - course: MTS
    institution: Harvard University
    year: 1993
  - course: AB 
    institution: College of the Holy Cross
    year: 1990
    
# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '/#contact'
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/go_bayes
- icon: graduation-cap  # OR `google-scholar`
  icon_pack: fas  # OR `ai`
  link: https://scholar.google.co.nz/citations?user=82b99k8AAAAJ&hl=en
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/jacopastorius
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseph-bulbulia-1ba5a514/?originalSubdomain=nz
- icon: orcid
  link: https://orcid.org/0000-0002-5861-2056
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: files/bulbuliaCV.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: "joseph.bulbulia@gmail.com"

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: false

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

I am a professor of Psychology at Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand. I am interested in the evolutionary and longitudinal study of religion, cooperation, and psychological health. I am one of four senior managers for the New Zealand Attitudes and Values Study.
